_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
excerpt: "So yeah... I'm a 25 year old (mostly) Android developer based in Slovenia, Europe."
profile-photo:
  - image_path: /assets/images/about/miha_classy.jpg
    alt: "Profile photo"
---

So yeah... My name is Miha Novak (it's a **male** name, I shit you not) and I'm a 25 year old (_mostly_) Android developer based in Slovenia, Europe.

I've been programming professionally since my **20th** birthday.

The number **1024** comes from a University codename next to my initials and I'm so fond of it, 
I decided to use it everywhere, so it kind of became my signature.

{% include gallery id="profile-photo" %}

## Prototypes
I like to tinker a bit around different programming challenges and try to prototype my ideas.
To name a few:
- a RBPi brains of an automatic beer dispenser + Android app for payments/statistics + BE server
- an automated YouTube music decoder and downloader with Google Spreadsheet integration called [Jukebox Transporter](https://github.com/mihanovak1024/jukebox-transporter)
- a Flutter Counter app called [CountOnMe](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.topappfield.CountOnMe) (group project)
- an automated Slovenian real estate scrapper on a DigitalOcean droplet + Android app

and for everything I've received from the community, I wanted to give a little bit back,
thus the idea for [Programmer's guide Slovenia](https://github.com/mihanovak1024/programmers-guide-slovenia) was born (and well appreciated too).
Since there were several requests from people without Facebook accounts, I did a [Bookmarklet](https://github.com/mihanovak1024/fejstbukov-parser) for Facebook post extracting,
but due to Privacy concerns, it wasn't used. 

## Companies
For huge successful companies such as 
- [Infinum](https://infinum.com/) (Web/Mobile development agency --- Croatian employer of the year 2015 **and** 2019)
- [Outfit7](https://outfit7.com/) (the creator of Talking Tom **and** one of worlds best Mobile Advertising mediations)

### Infinum
Back in 2015 I started my Android journey at Infinum and I accumulated a hefty amount of Android development knowledge.
I worked on Android projects for clients alongside Infinum's artists, project leads, developers and clients.

### Outfit7 
During my 5 year working experience in Outfit7, I've been responsible for technical Android side of Mobile advertisement
and I've developed a great interest towards it to such extent that I've decided to write a whole [blog]({{ "/posts/" | relative_url }}) about it.
 
In Outfit7 I built my own Android projects from ground up with initial technical specifications included
and even orchestrated some of the project cross-platform (backend, iOS) members. 
Some of the work I was responsible for:
- complete refactor of Server-to-Server Android ad engine
- complete refactor of the legacy ad library to a new, more modular and testable approach
- creation of our very own CMP for several regulations such as GDPR TCF2.0, CCPA, COPPA,...

Commit message:

Say thanks in About and add beauty fixes to Author sidebar

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
excerpt: "So yeah... I'm a 25 year old (mostly) Android developer based in Slovenia, Europe."
profile-photo:
  - image_path: /assets/images/about/miha_classy.jpg
    alt: "Profile photo"
---

So yeah... My name is Miha Novak (it's a **male** name, I kid you not) and I'm a 25 year old (_mostly_) Android developer based in Slovenia, Europe.

I've been programming professionally since my **20th** birthday.

Last 5 years I have been working in Ad Technology space witnessing world class trends in Mobile Advertisement sphere.

The number **1024** next to my name comes from a codename that my University entitled me with and I was so fond of it, 
I decided to use it everywhere, so it kind of became my signature. Why it's so special, you ask? 
Well it's 2^10 and in size terms 1024 Bytes equals one Kilo Byte. Yeah I know, I'm a bit of a geek.

{% include gallery id="profile-photo" %}

## Prototypes
I like to tinker around different programming challenges and try to prototype my ideas.
To name a few:
- a RBPi brains of an automatic beer dispenser + Android app for payments/statistics + BE server
- an automated YouTube music decoder and downloader with Google Spreadsheet integration called [Jukebox Transporter](https://github.com/mihanovak1024/jukebox-transporter)
- a Flutter Counter app called [CountOnMe](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.topappfield.CountOnMe) (group project)
- an automated Slovenian real estate scrapper on a DigitalOcean droplet + Android app

and for everything I've received from the community, I wanted to give a little bit back,
thus the idea for [Programmer's guide Slovenia](https://github.com/mihanovak1024/programmers-guide-slovenia) was born (and well appreciated too).
Since there were several requests from people without Facebook accounts, I did a [Bookmarklet](https://github.com/mihanovak1024/fejstbukov-parser) for Facebook post extracting,
but due to Privacy concerns, it wasn't used. 

## Companies
I really do fell lucky and proud, at the same time, to be working alongside very talented coworkers in two huge successful companies: 
- [Infinum](https://infinum.com/) (Web/Mobile development agency --- Croatian employer of the year 2015 **and** 2019)
- [Outfit7](https://outfit7.com/) (the creator of Talking Tom **and** one of worlds best Mobile Advertising mediations)

### Infinum
Back in 2015 I started my Android journey at Infinum and I accumulated a hefty amount of Android development knowledge.
I worked on Android projects for clients alongside Infinum's artists, project leads, developers and clients.

I'm really thankful to my mentor [Željko Plesac](https://twitter.com/ZeljkoPlesac) who helped me kick start my Android career really fast.  

### Outfit7 
During my 5 year working experience in Outfit7, I've been responsible for technical Android side of Mobile advertisement
and I've developed a great interest towards it to such extent that I've decided to write a whole [blog]({{ "/posts/" | relative_url }}) about it.
 
In Outfit7 I built my own Android projects from ground up with initial technical specifications included
and even orchestrated some of the project cross-platform (backend, iOS) members. 
Some of the work I was responsible for:
- complete refactor of Server-to-Server Android ad engine
- complete refactor of the legacy ad library to a new, more modular and testable approach
- creation of our very own CMP for several regulations such as GDPR TCF2.0, CCPA, COPPA,...

Thanks to my great mentors and managers [Nevena Veljkovicć](https://si.linkedin.com/in/nevena-veljkovic-a00961b8), Marko Pistotnik and Matic Standeker,
I've advanced both mentally and professionally! Thanks for all the great advices and help, I really do appreciate it!
